      To fill a selection with Repeat to Fill Selection:      To copy all types of automation on all selected
                                                              tracks when copying only automation or controller
      1   Select the clip you want to copy.                   data:
      2   Choose Edit > Copy.                                    Choose Edit > Copy Special > All Automation.
      3   Select the area you want to fill using the Selec-
                                                              To paste to multiple tracks:
          tor tool and choose Edit > Paste Special > Re-
          peat to Fill Selection.                             1   Do one of the following:

      4   Do one of the following:                            • Place the insertion point in each of the destina-
                                                                tion tracks by Shift-clicking in them.
      • If pasting audio clips to larger areas, the Batch
        Fades dialog opens. Configure the dialog to cre-      • Make a selection in one of the Timebase rulers.
        ate crossfades between each pasted clip, then         2   Choose Edit > Paste.
        click OK.
                                                              When you paste multiple types of data, whatever
      • If you do not want crossfades for the pasted au-
                                                              data has been copied is pasted into the correct type
        dio, click Cancel in the Batch Fades dialog.
                                                              of playlist. Automation data is pasted into the cor-
                                                              responding automation playlist. Audio or MIDI
                                                              data is pasted into the audio or MIDI playlist. You
      Editing Across Multiple                                 do not need to set target tracks to the specific type
      Tracks                                                  of data being pasted for the paste to work correctly.
      When working with data from multiple tracks,
                                                              If all destination tracks in a multitrack paste are
      there are some important points to remember.
                                                              displayed as automation, the paste replaces any
      For example, if any selected tracks are set to their
                                                              previous data on the target track without shuf-
      master view (see “Master Views for Tracks” on
                                                              fling—regardless of whether Shuffle Clips is
      page 264), edits affect not only audio and MIDI for
                                                              enabled.
      the selected tracks, but all automation and control-
      ler data as well.

      If all selected tracks are displayed as automation
      data, edits only affect the type of automation data
      displayed in each track. Furthermore, if track 1 dis-
      plays Pan automation, track 2 displays Volume au-
      tomation, and track 3 displays Mute automation,
      the Cut command cuts only pan data from track 1,
      volume data from track 2, and mute data from
      track 3.

            For more information on selecting data on
            multiple tracks, see “Selecting Across Multi-
            ple Tracks” on page 678.




638   Pro Tools Reference Guide
