Chapter 29: Edit Modes and Tools


Pro Tools provides four Edit modes and various           then “shuffle” their order, but you cannot separate
Edit tools to help you successfully edit material.       them from each other and you cannot make them
                                                         overlap as in Slip mode. However, if there is si-
                                                         lence between existing clips, and the clips are shuf-
Edit Modes                                               fled, the silence is maintained, and not removed.

Pro Tools has four Edit modes: Shuffle, Spot, Slip,      In Shuffle mode, adding another clip to the begin-
and Grid. Grid mode provides two modes of oper-          ning of a track moves all subsequent clips to the
ation, Relative and Absolute, explained below.           right (later in time) by the length of the added clip.
The Edit mode is selected by clicking the corre-
                                                         When using any of the Trim tools in Shuffle mode,
sponding button in the upper left of the Edit win-
                                                         changing a clip’s start or end point automatically
dow.
                                                         moves any subsequent clips as necessary. The
                                                         placement and insertion of MIDI notes is not af-
                                                         fected by Shuffle mode.

                                                              Press F1 to enable Shuffle mode.

Edit mode buttons
                                                         Shuffle Lock
The Edit mode affects the movement and place-
                                                         With certain workflows, it is important to exclude
ment of audio and MIDI clips (and MIDI notes),
                                                         Shuffle mode in order to ensure that clips stay
how commands like Copy and Paste function, and
                                                         time-aligned while editing. Shuffle Lock prevents
also how the various Edit tools (Trim, Selector,
                                                         you from inadvertently entering Shuffle mode by
Grabber, and Pencil tools) work.
                                                         disabling all key commands and control surface
     Use the Accent key ( ` ) to toggle through the      switches for Shuffle mode. You cannot invoke
     Edit modes.                                         Shuffle Lock while in Shuffle mode.



Shuffle Mode
In Shuffle mode, you can move, trim, delete, cut,
or paste clips freely within a track or to other         Shuffle Lock enabled
tracks, but their movement is constrained by other
clips. That is, if you place several clips in a track,
they automatically snap to each other. You can


                                                                                Chapter 29: Edit Modes and Tools   639
