      Normal Zoomer Tool
      To zoom around a certain point in a track:

      1   Do one of the following:
      • Click the Zoomer tool pop-up menu and select
        Normal Zoom mode.




      Zoomer tool

      • Right-click on any track and select Tools >       Zooming horizontally with Zoomer tool
        Zoomer Tools > Normal Zoom.                       The zoomed area fills the entire Edit window.
      2   Click once with the Zoomer tool at a location
          within the track. All tracks are zoomed in by   Single Zoom Mode
          one level and the Edit window is centered
          around the zoomed location.                     Single Zoom mode returns you to the previously
                                                          selected tool after a zoom has been performed.
      3   To zoom back to the previous level, Option-
          click (Mac) or Alt-click (Windows) with the     For example, when using the Smart Tool you can
          Zoomer tool.                                    click the Single Zoomer tool, and once the Zoom
                                                          operation has been performed, Pro Tools automat-
      To zoom into a particular track area:               ically switches back to the Smart Tool.
      1   Do one of the following:
                                                          To use Single Zoom mode, do one of the following:
      • Click the Zoomer tool pop-up menu and select
                                                             Click the Zoomer tool pop-up menu and select
        Normal Zoom mode.
                                                              Single Zoom mode.
      • Right-click on any track and select Tools >
        Zoomer Tools > Normal Zoom.                          Right-click on any track and select Tools >
                                                              Zoomer Tools > Single Zoom.
      2   Do one of the following:
                                                             Press the F5 key to toggle to Single Zoom
      • To zoom horizontally only, drag with the
                                                              mode.
        Zoomer tool in the track’s playlist.
      • To zoom horizontally and vertically, press Com-
        mand (Mac) or Control (Windows) while drag-
        ging in the track’s playlist.




646   Pro Tools Reference Guide
