Single Zoom is identified with an arrow to the right   Continuous Zoom with the
of the Zoomer icon.                                    Zoomer Tool
                                                       Use the Zoomer tool to zoom in or out continu-
                                                       ously.

                                                       To use continuous zoom on one track or a group of
Single Zoom mode
                                                       tracks:
Normal Zoom mode does not have the arrow.              1   Select the Zoomer tool.
                                                       2   Hold the Control (Mac) or Start key (Windows)
Zooming in a Ruler                                         and do one of the following:
To zoom horizontally in a ruler:                       • Drag up to continuously zoom in vertically.
1   Press Command+Control (Mac) or Con-                • Drag down to continuously zoom out vertically.
    trol+Start (Windows) and move the cursor into
                                                       • Drag to the right to continuously zoom in hori-
    the ruler area, so the Zoomer tool appears.
                                                         zontally.
                                                       • Drag to the left to continuously zoom out hori-
                                                         zontally.

                                                       For horizontal zoom, all tracks zoom together.
                                                       Tracks will zoom in or out centered horizontally
                                                       on the location where you click.

                                                       Vertical Zooming In or Out of All
                                                       Audio Tracks Continuously
Zooming in a ruler
                                                       To vertically zoom in or out of all audio tracks
2   Do one of the following:                           using continuous zoom:

• Click once to zoom in one level around a certain        Drag up or down on the Audio Zoom In or Out
  point.                                                   button.
• Drag to zoom in around a particular ruler range.
                                                       To vertically zoom in or out of all MIDI and
                                                       Instrument tracks that are set to Notes view using
                                                       continuous zoom:

                                                          Drag up or down on the MIDI Zoom In or Out
                                                           button. Any waveform height offsets will be
                                                           maintained.




                                                                             Chapter 29: Edit Modes and Tools   647
