      To zoom horizontally and show the entire session
      or project, and to reset the audio waveform to         Zoom Preset Buttons
      show the default height, zoom MIDI to show all
      notes in a track, and zoom the Tempo Editor to         Pro Tools lets you save up to five horizontal Edit
      show all tempo events, do one of the following:        window Zoom presets, which can be recalled by
                                                             typing a number or by clicking a Zoom Preset but-
         Double-click the Zoomer tool.
                                                             ton.
         Press Option+A (Mac) or Alt+A (Windows).
                                                             To store a view as a Zoom preset:
            This will also affect your MIDI note heights.
                                                             1   Use the Zoomer tool to configure the Track
                                                                 View.
            To reset the default audio waveform heights
                                                             2   Click and hold one of the Zoom Preset buttons
            without affecting the horizontal zoom level or
                                                                 (1–5) and choose Save Zoom Preset from the
            MIDI note heights, press Command+
                                                                 Zoom Preset pop-up menu. The preset button
            Option+Control+[ (Mac) or Control+
                                                                 flashes momentarily, and any previously stored
            Alt+Start+[ (Windows).
                                                                 Zoom preset at that number is replaced.
      To only zoom horizontally to show the entire
      session without affecting vertical zoom or
      scrolling:

         Press Option+Control+A (Mac) or Alt+Start+A
          (Windows).

      To set all audio track waveform heights to match       Zoom Preset pop-up menu
      the waveform height of the topmost audio track in
                                                             To recall a saved Zoom preset, do one of the
      the Edit window:
                                                             following:
         Command-Shift-click (Mac) or Control-Shift-
                                                                Click the appropriate Zoom Preset button (1–5).
          click (Windows) the Audio Zoom button. All
          waveform height offsets will be lost.                 Click and hold the Zoom Preset button and
                                                                 choose Recall Zoom Preset from the Zoom Pre-
      To set all MIDI and Instrument track note heights to       set pop-up menu.
      match the note height of the topmost MIDI or
      Instrument track in the Edit window:                         If the 1–5 Number Keys Control Editing
         Command-Shift-click (Mac) or Control-Shift-              Preference is set to Zoom Presets, press
          click (Windows) the MIDI Zoom button. All                Control+1–5 (Mac) or Start+1–5 (Windows)
          note height offsets will be lost.                        to recall the corresponding Zoom preset.




648   Pro Tools Reference Guide
