                                                     To clear the stored Zoom Toggle state:
                                                     1   Make sure the Zoom Toggle button is lit (en-
                                                         abled).
                                                     2   Option-click (Mac) or Alt-click (Windows) the
                                                         Zoom Toggle button.

Zoom Toggle button in the Edit window                To use Zoom Toggle without changing playlist
                                                     views:
If Last Used is selected for any of the following,
you can adjust the corresponding zoom, height, or    1   Make a selection on one or more tracks.
view in the Edit window to update the stored zoom
                                                     2   Do one of the following:
state:
                                                     • Press Option+Control+E (Mac) or Alt+Start+E
• Vertical Zoom
                                                       (Windows).
• Horizontal Zoom
                                                     • With Commands Keyboard Focus enabled (see
• Track Height                                         “Keyboard Focus” on page 26), press Option+E
• Track View                                           (Mac) or Alt+E (Windows).

      In Commands Keyboard Focus mode (see
      “Keyboard Focus” on page 26), press the
      E key to enable or disable Zoom Toggle.


      Press Option+Shift+E (Mac) or Alt+Shift+E
      (Windows) to cancel Zoom Toggle without
      reverting to the previous view.

To modify the stored Zoom Toggle state if Last
Used is selected:

1   Make sure the Zoom Toggle button is lit (en-     Using the Zoom Toggle
    abled).
2   Adjust the Track Height, Vertical Zoom, Track
    View, or the Grid depending on which prefer-
    ences are set to Last Used. Changes are stored
    as the new Zoom Toggle state.




                                                                           Chapter 29: Edit Modes and Tools   651
