      To trim the source clip (loop iteration) of a looped
      clip:                                                    Tandem Trimming
      1   Select the Loop Trim tool.                           Tandem trimming lets you trim the start and end of
                                                               two adjacent clips in tandem as long as one clip over-
      2   Move the cursor over a Loop icon in the looped
                                                               laps the other. Tandem trimming can be used in con-
          clip, or anywhere along the bottom of the clip.      junction with Loop trimming and Scrub trimming.
          The cursor indicates the Trim tool icon.             However, TCE and Elastic trim do not support tan-
                                                               dem trimming.

                                                               To use Tandem trimming:
                                                               1   Select the Trim tool (or the Smart tool).
                                                               2   Command-Control-trim (Mac) or Control-
                                                                   Start-trim (Windows) between two adjacent
                                                                   overlapping clips. The cursor updates to show
                                                                   two brackets and an arrow to show the direction
      Loop Trim tool                                               of the tandem trim.

      3   Trim the start or end of the loop iteration.




                                                               Tandem trimming
      Trimming a looped clip
                                                                     When in Slip mode, Grid mode can be tempo-
      The number of trimmed loop iterations increases
                                                                     rarily enabled by holding the Command key
      or decreases to fill the original length of the entire
                                                                     after releasing the Control key (Mac) or by
      looped clip.
                                                                     holding the Control key after releasing the
                                                                     Start key.




      Trimmed looped clip




658   Pro Tools Reference Guide
