                                                      Making an Edit Selection with
Using the Selector Tool                               the Selector Tool
Use the Selector tool to place the edit cursor in a
                                                      To make an Edit selection with the Selector tool:
track or Timebase ruler, or to make Timeline selec-
tions or Edit selections on tracks.                   1   Select the Selector tool in the Edit window.
                                                      2   Do one of the following:
Placing the Edit Cursor                               • To make an Edit selection in a single track, drag
                                                        in the track.
To place the edit cursor with the Selector tool:
                                                      • To make an Edit selection across multiple tracks,
1   Select the Selector tool in the Edit window.
                                                        drag across the tracks.
2   Click the location in a track or on a Timebase
                                                      • If Link Timeline and Edit Selection is enabled,
    ruler.
                                                        drag on the Timebase ruler to make an Edit se-
                                                        lection across all tracks.




Placing the edit cursor with the Selector tool

                                                      Making a selection with the Selector tool

                                                      To select an entire clip with the Selector tool:
                                                      1   Select the Selector tool in the Edit window.
                                                      2   Double-click a clip on a track.

                                                      To select an entire track with the Selector tool:
                                                      1   Select the Selector tool in the Edit window.
                                                      2   Triple-click in the track.




                                                                              Chapter 29: Edit Modes and Tools   659
