      Making a Timeline Selection                           Object Grabber Lets you select multiple, noncon-
      with the Selector Tool                                tiguous clips. For more information, see “Object
                                                            Selections” on page 673.
      To make a Timeline selection with the Selector
      tool:

      1   Select the Selector tool in the Edit window.
      2   Do one of the following:
                                                            Object Grabber tool
      • Drag on a Timebase ruler.
      • If Link Timeline and Edit Selection is enabled,     To select one of the Grabber tools, do one of the
                                                            following:
        drag in a track.
                                                               Click the Grabber tool in the Edit window and
                                                                select the Grabber tool from the pop-up menu.
      Using the Grabber Tools
      Use the Grabber tools to select, move, separate,
      and arrange clips on tracks. There are three modes
      for the Grabber tool: Time Grabber, Separation
      Grabber, and Object Grabber. For more informa-
      tion about arranging clips, also see Chapter 41,
      “Arranging Clips.”

      Time Grabber Selects an entire clip on a track with
      a single click. For more information on selecting
      clips, see “Selecting Track Material” on page 671.    Selecting a Grabber tool

                                                               Right-click on any track and select the Grabber
                                                                tool from Tools > Grabber Tools.


      Time Grabber tool
                                                            Using the Smart Tool
      Separation Grabber Cuts and pastes an Edit selec-
      tion from one location to another by dragging. For    With the Smart Tool, you can instantly access the
      more information, see “Separation Grabber Tool”       Selector, Grabber, and Trim tools, and you can
      on page 695.                                          also apply and adjust fades and crossfades. The po-
                                                            sition of the cursor in relation to a clip or note, or
                                                            within an automation playlist, determines how the
                                                            Smart Tool functions.


      Separation Grabber tool



                                                            Smart Tool enabled in the Edit window


660   Pro Tools Reference Guide
