      If you are working on a film or video scene, you          Timeline and Edit Selection
      may want to unlink the Timeline and Edit selec-           Markers
      tions to find or audition material that is at a differ-
                                                                Timeline selections are displayed in the Main
      ent location than the current Timeline selection.
                                                                Timebase ruler with Timeline Selection Markers,
      Edit selections can be played (choose Edit > Selec-
                                                                which appear as blue arrows (red when recording).
      tion > Play Edit) without disrupting the current
                                                                In addition, there are Pre- and Post-Roll Flags
      Timeline selection. Once you find the material,
                                                                (which are green when enabled) indicating the lo-
      you can then go back to the Timeline selection and
                                                                cation for pre- and post-roll.
      place it within the context of the scene.

      The following figure illustrates another reason
      why you might want to unlink the Timeline and
      Edit selections. In this example, the Timeline se-        Timeline Selection Markers with Pre- and Post-Roll
                                                                Flags
      lection sets a range to be looped on playback, while
      a MIDI clip (residing within the loop) is selected        When the Timeline and Edit selections are un-
      for editing purposes.                                     linked, Edit selections are displayed in the ruler
                                                                with Edit Markers, which appear as black brackets.
      During playback, the Edit selection can be nudged,
      quantized, or transposed while the loop plays back
      completely independent and uninterrupted.
                                                                Edit Markers

                                                                If the Timeline and Edit selections are linked, Edit
                                                                selections are represented by the blue Timeline Se-
                                                                lection Markers.

                                                                See the following topics for more information on
                                                                working with Timeline and Edit selections:
      Timeline and Edit selections unlinked
                                                                • “Selecting Track Material” on page 671
      While you could theoretically do this with the
                                                                • “Timeline Selections” on page 682
      Timeline and Edit selections linked, as soon as
      playback is stopped, the playback range would             • “Setting Punch and Loop Points” on page 562
      then be updated to that of the more recent edit           • “Setting Pre- and Post-Roll” on page 565
      range, or to a single note when editing MIDI.




670   Pro Tools Reference Guide
