      Selections in Multiple Tracks                             To select an entire track, do one of the following:

      To make a selection in multiple tracks:
                                                                   Click in the track with the Selector tool and then
                                                                    choose Edit > Select All.
         With the Selector tool, drag vertically to include
          adjacent tracks in a selection (drag horizontally        Triple-click with the Selector tool in the track.
          to define the time range).
                                                                      Press Command+A (Mac) or Control+A
                                                                      (Windows) for Select All.
      Selecting Clips
                                                                To select all clips in all tracks:
      To select a portion of a clip:
                                                                1   Select the “All” Edit Group in the Groups List
         With the Selector tool, drag within a clip (left or       menu.
          right) to select the material on a single track.
                                                                2   Do one of the following:
          (You can also use the Selector tool across mul-
          tiple, adjacent tracks to make multitrack selec-      • Click in any track with the Selector tool and
          tions.)                                                 choose Edit > Select All.
                                                                • Triple-click with the Selector tool in any track.

                                                                      Another way to select all clips in all tracks,
                                                                      without having to select the “All” Edit
                                                                      Group, is to press Return (Mac) or Enter
                                                                      (Windows), then press Command+A (Mac)
                                                                      or Control+A (Windows). The Link Timeline
      Selecting a portion of a clip                                   and Edit Selection option must be enabled.
      To select an entire clip, do one of the following:
                                                                Clips List Selection Follows Edit
         Click the clip with the Time Grabber tool.            Selection
         Double-click the clip with the Selector tool.         When the Editing preference for Clips List Selec-
                                                                tion Follows Edit Selection is enabled, selecting a
      To select two clips and the time range between
                                                                clip in a track also causes the clip to become se-
      them:
                                                                lected in the Clips List.
      1   With the Time Grabber, click the first clip.
                                                                Conversely, if the Editing preference for Edit
      2   Shift-click the second clip. Both clips are se-
                                                                Selection Follows Clips List Selection is enabled,
          lected, along with the time range between them
                                                                selecting a clip in the Clips List causes the initial
          (including any other clips).
                                                                occurrence of that clip to become selected within
                                                                the track.




672   Pro Tools Reference Guide
