      Timeline Selections to/from Edit                       The Main Counter displays the playback location
      Selections                                             in the time format for the Main Time Scale. The
                                                             Sub Counter can be set to any of the other Time
      When the Timeline and Edit selections are un-
                                                             Scale formats for another timing reference.
      linked, you can copy selections between them.
                                                             The Edit Selection indicators (to the right of the
      To change the Timeline selection to match the          Main and Sub counters) display the Start and End
      current Edit selection:
                                                             times, and Length of the current Edit selection ac-
         Choose Edit > Selection > Change Timeline to       cording to the Main Timebase.
          Match Edit.
                                                             The Main and Sub Counters, as well as the Edit Se-
            Press Option+Shift+5 (Mac) or Alt+Shift+5        lection indicators, also appear in the Transport
            (Windows) to change the Timeline selection to    window when it is set to display Counters.
            match the Edit selection.
                                                             To navigate with the Edit window Main Counter (or
      To change the Edit selection to match the current      one of the Edit Selection indicators):
      Timeline selection:
                                                             1   Do one of the following:
         Choose Edit > Selection > Change Edit to Match
                                                             • Click in one of the counters.
          Timeline.
                                                             • Press asterisk (*) on the numeric keypad to high-
            Press Option+Shift+6 (Mac) or                      light the Main Counter in the Edit window (or
            Alt+Shift+6 (Windows) to change                    the Main Counter in the Transport window or
            the Edit selection to match the Time-              Big Counter window, if either are displayed).
            line selection.
                                                             2   Type in the new location. Press Period (.) to cy-
                                                                 cle through to the different time fields.
      Navigating the Timeline with the
      Edit Window Counters and                               3   Press Enter to accept the new value and auto-
      Indicators                                                 matically locate there.
      The counters and indicators at the top of the Edit
      window display the current playback location and       Scrolling in a Timebase Ruler
      Edit selection. These include the Main and Sub
                                                             You can scroll the contents of the Edit window by
      Counters, and the Edit Selection Start, End, and
                                                             dragging in a ruler. While this does not actually up-
      Length indicators.
                                                             date the session’s Current Location, it does let you
      All Edit window counters and indicators (except        conveniently shift the display left or right for the
      the Sub Counter) let you enter a location in their     sake of finding and editing material.
      counter display to navigate to a specific time loca-
                                                             This method of scrolling is especially useful when
      tion.
                                                             using the Continuous Scrolling option, which does
                                                             not update or follow Timeline selections.



      Main and Sub Counters, Edit Selection indicators



684   Pro Tools Reference Guide
