      Navigating with the Universe
      View
      By clicking in the Universe view, you can scroll
      the material displayed in the Edit window horizon-
      tally, vertically, or both. This provides a conve-
      nient method of focusing the Edit window any-
      where in the session.

      To navigate the session using the Universe view:

      1   Ensure that Universe view is shown (View >
          Other Displays > Universe).                        Resizing the Universe view

      2   Click anywhere in the Universe view to move        Scrolling the Universe View
          the framed area and the Edit window updates
          accordingly.                                       If you have more tracks in the session than are vis-
                                                             ible in the Universe view, you can scroll up or
                                                             down to show the other tracks.

                                                             To scroll the Universe view up or down:

                                                                Click the Scroll Up or Scroll Down Arrows on
                                                                 the right of the Universe view.


      Resizing the Universe View
      You can resize the height of the Universe view to
      fit the total number of tracks in the session, or to
                                                             Scroll Up and Down Arrows in the Universe view
      show more of the Edit window.

      To resize the height of the Universe view:
                                                             Navigating a Pro Tools
      1   Click the area between the bottom of the Uni-      Session with Keyboard
          verse window and the top of the Timebase rul-      Shortcuts
          ers. The cursor changes to show that you can
          resize the Universe view.                          In addition the Universe view, Pro Tools lets you
                                                             quickly and easily navigate a session using key-
      2   Drag up to decrease the height of the Universe     board shortcuts. This topic provides an overview
          view or drag down to increase the height of the    of the essential key commands for navigating and
          Universe view.                                     making Edit selections in a session.




688   Pro Tools Reference Guide
