      2   From the Grabber tools pop-up menu, choose           3   While pressing Option (Mac) or Alt (Windows),
          the Separation Grabber tool.                             drag the selection to the new location, or to an-
                                                                   other track.




      Separation Grabber tool

      3   Drag the selection to the new location, or to an-
          other track.




                                                               Dragging to another track with the Separation Grabber
                                                               tool

                                                               New clips containing the previous selection are
                                                               created and placed at the new location. The origi-
                                                               nal selection and clips remain intact.



                                                               Healing Separated Clips
                                                               The Heal Separation command returns separated
                                                               clips to their original state—provided the clips are
      Dragging selection to later in track with Separation     still next to each other and their relative start and
      Grabber tool                                             end points have not changed since the separation.
      A new clip (or clips) containing the previous selec-
                                                               If you have trimmed or otherwise changed the start
      tion is created, separate from the original selection.
                                                               or end points of the two clips, or moved them fur-
      New clips are also created from the material out-
                                                               ther away from each other, you will not be able to
      side the original selection.
                                                               repair them with the Heal Separation command. It
                                                               is not possible to heal two clips created from dif-
      To separate a selection without affecting the
      original clips:                                          ferent audio files.

      1   With the Selector tool, make an Edit selection.      To heal a separation between two clips:
          The selection can reside within a single clip,
                                                               1   With the Selector tool, make a selection that in-
          across adjacent clips within the same track, or
                                                                   cludes part of the first clip, the entire separation
          across multiple tracks.
                                                                   between the clips, and part of the second clip.
      2   From the Grabber tools pop-up menu, choose
                                                               2   Choose Edit > Heal Separation.
          the Separation Grabber tool.
                                                                     Press Command+H (Mac) or Control+H
                                                                     (Windows) to Heal Separation.

696   Pro Tools Reference Guide
