If the clips do not heal with Heal Separation, do one    Trim to Insertion Commands
of the following to return the separated clips to a
single clip:                                             You can trim a clip or MIDI note by automatically
                                                         removing the material between the Edit insertion
   Delete one of the two separated clips (verify
                                                         point and the start or end point of the clip.
    that Slip mode is enabled so the gap does not
    close) and use the Trim tool to expand the re-
                                                         To trim from a start point to insertion:
    maining clip to its original length (see “Using
    the Trim Tools” on page 652).                        1   With the Selector tool, click inside the clip or
                                                             note where you want the new start point to be.
   Delete both of the separated clips and drag the
    original clip from the Clips List to the original    2   Choose Edit > Trim Clip > Start To Insertion. The
    location (see “Placing Clips from the Clips List         clip’s start point is automatically trimmed to the
    on to Track Playlists” on page 933).                     insertion point.

                                                               Press Option+Shift+7 (Mac) or Alt+Shift+7
                                                               (Windows) to Trim Start To Insertion.
Trimming Clips
                                                         To trim from an end point to insertion:
In addition to the Trim tools (see “Using the Trim
Tools” on page 652), Pro Tools provides several          1   With the Selector tool, click inside the clip or
options for editing clip and clip group boundaries.          note where you want the new end point.
                                                         2   Choose Edit > Trim Clip > End To Insertion. The
Trim to Selection Command                                    clip’s end point is automatically trimmed to the
                                                             insertion point.
The Trim to Selection command removes data be-
fore and after a clip or MIDI note selection, leaving
only the selection. This command lets you quickly
remove all data in a clip (and in some instances the
entire track) except for the current selection.

To trim unwanted data from a clip or note:
1   With the Selector tool, select a portion of a clip
    or note (or a range of notes).
2   Choose Edit > Trim Clip > To Selection to
    remove material outside of the selection.


                                                         Clip end trimmed to insertion


                                                               Press Option+Shift+8 (Mac) or Alt+Shift+8
                                                               (Windows) to Trim Start To Insertion.




                                                                           Chapter 31: Editing Clips and Selections   697
