      Trim to Fill Selection Commands                          The end point of the clip in front of the gap is au-
                                                               tomatically trimmed (expanded) to the next clip, or
      The Trim to Fill Selection commands let you auto-
                                                               as far as possible if there is not enough underlying
      matically reveal underlying material in the gaps
                                                               material to cover the gap.
      between clips, or before and after individual clips,
      as follow:

      To trim from a start point to fill gaps:
      1   With the Selector tool, select across at least one
          gap between clips.
      2   Choose Edit > Trim Clip > Start to Fill Selection.

      The start point of the clip behind the gap is auto-
      matically trimmed (expanded) to the previous clip,
      or as far as possible if there is not enough underly-
      ing material to cover the gap.                           Clip end trimmed to fill gap

                                                               To trim from a clip’s start and end points to fill the
                                                               Edit selection:
                                                               1   With the Selector tool, make an Edit selection
                                                                   that includes the clip you want to trim out.
                                                               2   Choose Edit > Trim Clip > To Fill Selection.

                                                               The start point of the clip is automatically trimmed
                                                               (expanded) to the Edit selection start, or as far as
                                                               possible if there is not enough underlying material
                                                               to cover the selection, and the end point of the clip
      Clip start trimmed to fill gap                           is automatically trimmed out (expanded) to the
      To trim from an end point to fill gaps:
                                                               Edit selection end, or as far as possible if there is
                                                               not enough underlying material to cover the selec-
      1   With the Selector tool, select across at least one   tion.
          gap between clips.
                                                               The Trim to Fill Selection command is the inverse
      2   Choose Edit > Trim Clip > End To Fill
                                                               of the Trim to Fit Selection command: where the
          Selection.
                                                               Trim to Fill Selection command trims a clip out to
                                                               match the Edit selection, the Trim to Fit Selection
                                                               command trims a clip in to match the Edit selec-
                                                               tion.




698   Pro Tools Reference Guide
