Nudging by Next Nudge Value                          Nudging the Contents of a Clip
In addition to nudging by the current Nudge value,   Often a clip’s start point will reside at the correct
you can also nudge by the next larger value in the   location, perhaps at a Timecode frame or barline,
Nudge pop-up menu.                                   but the material within the clip starts too late or
                                                     early. You can, in effect, nudge a clip’s audio
For example, if the Nudge value is set to 1 frame    waveform or MIDI notes without displacing the
and you want to nudge by a larger value, you can     clip start and end points.
nudge by the Nudge value of 10 frames.

To nudge forward or back by the next larger Nudge
value:
1   Enable Commands Keyboard Focus (see “Key-
    board Focus” on page 26).
2   Select the clips or notes you want to nudge.
3   Do one of the following:
• Press Forward Slash (/) to nudge the selected
  material forward by the next Nudge value.
                                                     Nudging clip contents without changing clip
• Press M to nudge the selection back by the next    boundaries
  Nudge value.                                       This “sliding” of clip contents is only possible if
      When Commands Keyboard Focus is not            there is material residing outside the clip’s start
      enabled, press Control+Forward Slash (/)       and end points—from the clip having been
      (Mac) or Start+Forward Slash (/) (Win-         trimmed, or perhaps captured from a larger clip.
      dows) to nudge the selected material for-
                                                     To nudge the contents of a clip without changing
      ward by the next Nudge value, and press        the clip start and end points:
      Control+M (Mac) or Start+M (Windows)
      to nudge the selected material back by the     1   Configure the Nudge value (see “Defining the
      next Nudge value.                                  Nudge Value” on page 700).
                                                     2   With the Time Grabber tool, select the clip
                                                         whose contents you want to nudge.
                                                     3   While pressing the Control (Mac) or Start key
                                                         (Windows), press Plus (+) or Minus (–) on the
                                                         numeric keypad to move the material by the
                                                         Nudge value to the left (+) or right (–).




                                                                      Chapter 31: Editing Clips and Selections   701
