When the Layered Editing option is disabled, over-
lapped clips remain “trimmed” to the start or end          Quantizing Clips to Grid
time of the overlapping clip. In Figure 2, the clip
                                                           The Quantize to Grid command adjusts the place-
“Audio 1_01” (1) is moved to cover the middle of a
larger clip (2). When that clip (“Audio 1_01”) is
                                                           ment of selected audio and MIDI clips so that their
cleared, the overlapped clip has a hole punched in it      start points (or sync points, if present) align pre-
(3). If Layered Editing is enabled in this case, the un-   cisely to the nearest Grid boundary.
derlying clip is completely revealed and healed (4).
                                                           To quantize individual MIDI notes or Elastic Au-
                                                           dio Events, use the Quantize Event Operations.
                                                           You can also use the Quantize Event Operation to
                                              1            quantize audio clips (see “Quantize” on
                                                           page 1058).

                                                           To quantize one or more clips:
                       2
                                                           1   Select the Grid value (see “Defining the Grid
                                                               Value” on page 943).
                                                           2   With the Selector or Time Grabber tool, select
                                                               the clip or clips you want to quantize. The clips
                       3                                       can be on multiple tracks. Only clips that are en-
                                                               tirely selected will be quantized.
                                                           3   Choose Clip > Quantize to Grid. Clip start times
                                                               (or sync points) are aligned to the nearest
                       4                                       boundaries for the defined Grid.

                                                                 Press Command+0 (Mac) or Control+0
Figure 2. Editing with Layered Editing disabled
                                                                 (Windows) to Quantize to Grid.

                                                           For MIDI clips, only the clips are quantized and all
                                                           MIDI data contained within the clips (such as
                                                           notes) are moved equally, thereby retaining their
                                                           rhythmic relationships.




                                                                             Chapter 31: Editing Clips and Selections   703
