      Fade Curves and Separate Waveforms                    Fade-Out Shape Settings
                                                            The Out Shape setting lets you define the shape of
                                                            the fade-out from a clip for a fade, or from clip 1
                                                            for a crossfade.
      Click this button to display the specified fade
      curves along with separate views of the fade-in and
      fade-out waveforms.

      Fade Curves and Superimposed Waveforms




      Click this button to display the specified fade       Fade-Out Shape
      curves along with superimposed views of the fade-
                                                            Standard Selects a single continuous fade curve.
      in and fade-out waveforms.
                                                            This creates a general-purpose fade that can be ed-
      Fade Curves and Summed Waveform                       ited by clicking and dragging the curve in the curve
                                                            editor.

                                                            S-Curve Selects an S-shaped curve, which inverts
                                                            its beginning and end characteristics. This makes it
      Click this button to display the specified fade       possible to fade out faster at the curve’s start and
      curves along with a single waveform representing      slower at its end, for example. S-shaped curves can
      the summation of the any crossfaded audio.            be useful with material that is difficult to crossfade
                                                            effectively. S-curves can be edited by clicking and
      Zoom In                                               dragging the curve in the curve editor.

                                                            Preset Curves Seven commonly used preset
                                                            curves are provided for fast fade creation. These
                                                            cannot be edited by clicking and dragging in the
      Click this button to scale the view of the wave-
                                                            curve editor.
      form’s amplitude upwards. Command-click (Mac)
      or Control-click (Windows) for the default view            For more information on adjusting the fade
      scale.                                                     shape, see “Manually Adjusting Fade Shapes
      Zoom Out                                                   in Fade Windows” on page 722.




      Click this button to scale the view of the wave-
      form’s amplitude downwards. Command-click
      (Mac) or Control-click (Windows) for the default
      view scale.



712   Pro Tools Reference Guide
