The seven presets are as follows:                         Preset Curve 6 drops the volume even more
                                                        quickly at the beginning of the fade.
 Preset Curve 1 stays at full volume throughout

the fade, then immediately drops the volume at the
end of the fade.


                                                        Preset Curve 6

                                                          Preset Curve 7 silences any audio at the begin-
Preset Curve 1                                          ning of the fade.
 Preset Curve 2 fades out relatively slowly, keep-

ing the volume fairly high throughout the duration
of the fade.

                                                        Preset Curve 7

                                                        Fade-In Shape Settings
Preset Curve 2                                          The Shape setting lets you define the shape of the
                                                        fade-in to a clip for a fade, or to clip 2 for a cross-
  Preset Curve 3 fades out slightly faster, keeping    fade.
the volume slightly lower during the fade.
                                                        Standard Selects a single continuous fade curve.
                                                        This creates a general-purpose fade that can be ed-
                                                        ited by clicking and dragging the curve in the curve
                                                        editor.
Preset Curve 3
                                                        S-Curve Selects an S-shaped curve, which inverts
   Preset Curve 4 fades out with a linear fade. This   its beginning and end characteristics. This makes it
is the default curve.                                   possible to fade out faster at the curve’s start and
                                                        slower at its end, for example. S-shaped curves can
                                                        be useful with material that is difficult to crossfade
                                                        effectively. S-curves can be edited by clicking
                                                        dragging the curve in the curve editor.
Preset Curve 4                                          Preset Curves Seven commonly used preset
  Preset Curve 5 fades out quickly at the begin-       curves are provided for fast fade creation. These
ning of the crossfade.                                  cannot be edited by clicking and dragging in the
                                                        curve editor.

                                                             For more information on adjusting the fade
                                                             shape, see “Manually Adjusting Fade Shapes
                                                             in Fade Windows” on page 722.
Preset Curve 5




                                                                              Chapter 32: Fades and Crossfades    713
