      The seven presets are as follows:                         Preset Curve 6 fades in even more slowly than
                                                              the previous curve.
        Preset Curve 1 fades in at full volume immedi-
      ately at the beginning of the fade and keeps it there
      throughout the fade.


                                                              Preset Curve 6

                                                                Preset Curve 7 silences any audio until the end
      Preset Curve 1                                          of the fade.
        Preset Curve 2 fades in quickly in the begin-
      ning, reaching full amplitude fairly early in the
      fade.

                                                              Preset Curve 7

                                                              Fade Slope Settings
      Preset Curve 2                                          The Fade In and Fade Out dialogs provide two op-
                                                              tions for the slope of the fade. The Slope setting
         Preset Curve 3 fades in moderately fast.
                                                              lets you define the slope of the fade.

                                                              Equal Power Recommended for material that is
                                                              not phase coherent. With this fade, you can Op-
                                                              tion-click (Mac) or Alt-click (Windows) the fade
      Preset Curve 3                                          curve to reset it to its default shape.

       Preset Curve 4 fades in with a linear fade curve.     Equal Gain Recommended for material that is
      This is the default curve.                              phase-coherent or nearly phase-coherent. With this
                                                              fade, you can Option-click (Mac) or Alt-click
                                                              (Windows) the fade curve to reset it to its default
                                                              shape.


      Preset Curve 4                                          Link Settings
                                                              (Crossfades Only)
        Preset Curve 5 fades in slowly at the beginning
      of the fade.




      Preset Curve 5


                                                              Fade Link


714   Pro Tools Reference Guide
