4   Use the Time Grabber or Separation Grabber          2   Nudge the clip by pressing Plus (+) or
    tool to select one of the contributing clips to a       Minus (–) on the numeric keypad.
    crossfade.




Selecting a clip with a crossfade
                                                        Stretching the crossfade by nudging
5   Drag the selected clip with the Grabber.

                                                        Separating Clips that Include
                                                        Fades or Crossfades
                                                        You can create clips from track material that over-
                                                        laps with fades or crossfades. If the Preserve
Separating clips while removing fades
                                                        Fades when Editing option is enabled in the Edit-
                                                        ing Preferences page, the fades from the source
Nudging Clips Adjacent to                               clip are adjusted to the new clip.
Crossfades
                                                        To separate a clip that overlaps with a fade or
When you nudge either of the clips that contributes     crossfade:
to a crossfade, the fade stretches to preserve the      1   With the Selector tool, drag to select the mate-
relative position of the crossfade start and end            rial for the new clip.
points. The amount of stretch depends on the
amount of overlap between the contributing clips.       2   Choose Edit > Separate Clip > At Selection.

If you nudge a clip beyond the boundary of avail-       Where your selection overlaps any fade-ins or
able audio for the crossfade, the fade is removed.      fade-outs, the fade is trimmed to fit the selection.

To nudge a clip and stretch its crossfade:
1   Use the Time Grabber tool to select one of the
    contributing clips to the crossfade.


                                                        Selecting material that overlaps a fade-in




Selecting a clip with a crossfade

                                                        Result of Separate Clip command on fade-in


                                                                              Chapter 32: Fades and Crossfades   727
